welcome back to Android's QA my name is
Jason this is where we try and answer
your most pressing Android questions
like when Vinay asks what is the best
way to record my phone screen do you
really want to record your phone screen
could go badly if you're not careful
like the guy who confused his google
search bar with his facebook status bar
how to get a girl on GTA 5 oh please
post that for your wife oh well the name
the answer to that question is really
cyanogenmod it actually has a feature
that allows you to record your phone
screen cyanogenmod will allow you to
capture video of the action on your
screen of any Android smartphone and
their support for audio as well as you
can see here in the video by
simultaneously pressing volume up and
the power button users will be able to
record the screen of their devices
moving on the Nexus 7 cases hey Jace I
wanted to ask you what your opinion was
on the best case for the nexus 7 2013
edition so christian i really wanted to
recommend an article written by our own
tech ninja kevin where he goes into some
detail about his favorite case for the
nexus 7 and i have one similar to this
not exactly like his it is linked below
his article but I had the same problem
we bought three Nexus 7's for all of our
kids and with those Nexus 7's we bought
the hard leather really bulky cases
because they're 13 and they drop stuff
all the time and we wanted to have as
much protection as possible for those
tablets but it turned out that they just
didn't use them they were so bulky they
would get in the way of interacting with
the device and now they don't use
anything of course my daughter dropped
it within the first month and totally
smashed the device so what I found this
one is very similar to the one that
Kevin recommends his is plastic and fake
suede this is like fake leather but what
they both have in common is these
hardened pronounced corners and there's
almost nothing on the sides but the
corners
because the corners are pronounced not
only do they provide protection if it
lands on the corner but if it lands on
its side the corners are pronounced
enough that they hit the corners first
before they actually hit the bevel of
the device and that's a really smart way
to provide ample protection without
being bulky and adding a lot of weight
and mass to the device it's a great
article check it out good question now
moving on to more and notification
problems hi Jason I have a problem with
my galaxy s3 I don't receive
notifications even though the
notification option is enabled on all of
my apps can you tell me what the
solution is thank you so has my found
some instructions that should help you
out now in short though you want to
check whether or not you have enabled
the blocking mode on your phone check
this by going to settings then blocking
mode if blocking mode is enabled then
make sure the disabled notification
option is not checked let me know the
comments below how it works last
question is a favourite topic of mine
about using a tablet as a laptop
replacement Jace I'm ready to replace my
laptop but don't feel like Android has a
product to replace a full laptop I do
some gaming and prefer a hard drive over
a cloud drive am I mistaken in this
assessment so savage where I chose this
question because it is a topic close to
my heart I could talk about it all day
and after last week you know the short
answer is you could consider the Asus
Transformer book duet because it is
really it's attempting to be a
four-in-one solution right it's both
Android you know windows 8 and it's a
laptop and a tablet now my experience as
someone who you know built a pc that
would I had a partition it that would
have both linux and windows pc you know
after the novelty wore off after two
weeks or so I wasn't using both alessa's
anymore it was just tedious going back
and forth and i just used windows 8 it
was a bit of a waste of time now I know
it's supposed to have a four second
transfer between Android and Windows on
the Asus Transformer book duet but you
know my experience these things are a
bit gimmicky and you don't actually end
up using them they may look very
convenient on the surface but I mean who
actually uses these things and goes back
forth all the time at I don't know
anyone who actually does that but I can
tell
you that you know last week got really
exciting because all these new pro
tablets that Samsung has put out is at
least an attempt to try and bridge that
gap between laptop and tablet but we're
just the fact is we're not there yet as
much as I wish we were we're not here's
a case in point part of my job is to
read and respond to youtube comments and
when I go on my android or iOS devices I
can't even respond to individual
comments on any mobile or tablet youtube
app I can't do it it just the third
party apps don't allow for that type of
you know interactivity yet I have to go
to a laptop or desktop to do that so now
I should mention that someone on Twitter
responding to me about this and said
that he is using the surface pro the
windows tablet as a bridge device and he
loves it it's great especially because
he is really wedded to microsoft office
you know excel and word and all that
kind of stuff so i don't think we're
there yet i would get a tablet that's
what i would suggest unless you really
want to try the the asus book
transformer do wet when that comes out
if you do let me know in the comments
below I'd love to hear your news about
it thanks for watching Android peeps my
name is Jason and in the comments below
put your android question and i'll be
happy to answer it if you see some other
questions that you really like give it a
thumbs up so I know there are more
people interested in that particular
topic love to connect with you here on
Twitter or Google+ don't forget my
brother's new Android Josh Joe in the
tech ninja Kevin I shall see you next
week on androids QA
[Music]